what the smaller flowers like this
so I'll turn this over
I haven't clipped it piece it
see but like what smile was like this
when she clipped that piece down like I
showed you
you know it should click this down right
here and then you glue like you can go
like a very very small like square piece
of velvet what am I saying bit of it
Phil if you want to or you can do like
the strip use it as a guide
then just go
above it like that if you
just just kind of experiment to see what
works for you and you know cuz I each
flower is different
and I'm working with these for like
years I mean make up lies for years I
have like a lot of flowers like this one
I wore in my last video
the last videos
kind of came apart Casino fart was real
short
I have to reglue it
I mean that's public space
let me show you the steamer that out
there
this is another flower that I may
hey you really can't see
snatches balloon the
only from the bank
you can use whatever you from them and
you can just trim the end not for that
if you want to
this is like my first time
the leaves on there
there's the beginning so
and I would act litter everything spring
on there
glitter spray
sharing of air
he's use the same ethic
this one is a little
more challenging
no way to make it work
and as you can see
even if back here
1:08 yeah
like the back part put out the blue back
on it that's me this I say ever be
careful
hazel where mintues I don't know where
two's like
service I like
this is
of course purple is my favorite is color
made this one into
shirt
and flour ended yeah
I mean this one it's a flower pendant
because I wanted something pretty that I
could wear you know my cute little
jackets or shirts or whatever just came
in up there
but I wear with the flower pair maybe in
the coordinates make it
if you save some of mine
Oh pathetic where's pictures
on my myspace page east I was wearing
this
missionary Ugly Betty
this is a second
you know it's so real quick
it's
I know some people really don't like
Miku hours but I like big flowers just
and I put that
the glitter on here
to going to general see
figured that it is
another one
kind of challenge and a work
of like that
don't forget it pen write a word
this is another
right